My name is Mitchell Burdwell.
I personally thought I had it all together.
I had a perfect little family, a son and a daughter, and a wife, regor, pine, nearing,
sereness, and elder.
I was working as a custom home builder, and I had just finished building my dream house.
Everything I ever wanted I had.
I was assigned to go to a construction project in Japan as an international volunteer.
That project changed everything.
When I got over there, I realized everybody on the site was a regor pine ear.
It really began to have an impact on me.
I tried to justify it personally, but I said, you know, I'm doing okay.
I'm doing what I should be doing.
They're just overachievers.
One day, my interpreter approached me, and I said, well, let's interview the committee
today.
I only had one question that was burned into my heart.
How could they be balanced and be regor pine ears?
He asked the question.
They asked me to turn to Matthew 633.
He said, I go to read it.
He says, no, read it out loud.
So I read it out loud because I read it again.
So I read it for the second time.
And he says, the scriptures are clear.
If you truly seek first the kingdom, these other things will be added.
That had a major impact on me.
I was just standing there with my Bible and my thoughts.
I felt so little.
That night, I couldn't sleep.
I kept playing that over and over in my head.
Why don't I believe?
I remember as a kid, we used to play the game where you lean back and people catch you.
I never liked that game.
But that served in Jehovah.
You get a lean back.
You know he will catch you.
You don't know how though.
And you don't know when.
Well, the next day, the chairman shows up to speak to me privately.
He says, may I analyze a day in your life?
And he describes my life in detail, accurately.
He says, you start off the phone's ring and all day long you're busy with elders, activity,
RBC and your business.
Is it you come home from work, your children are trying to communicate with you, but you're
so busy.
Because maybe it's late at night, about 10 o'clock at night, you're down this time to spend
some time with your wife, but you fall asleep.
And then he just stopped and asked me a question.
He says, why do you only spend tired time with your wife and your children?
So from that moment, then I started thinking, what can I do personally to make some adjustments?
We had to find a way to get involved in full time service as a family.
I do feel that we have a lot of our brothers and sisters in the organization, maybe who
can't pioneer, but they give them to your home and everything they have.
And that's all you ask.
Give me your best.
Immediately when we got back, we started making adjustments.
It wasn't easy.
We gave up a lot of things that we thought were important to us.
My daughter pioneered and opened up a lot of doors for us as a family.
My daughter and her husband are construction servants with the LDC department.
My son and his wife, he's a regular pioneer, also serving as a remote Bethelite.
Currently we're serving as construction servants with the LDC department.
We get to serve Jehovah and this assignment as a couple.
We paint ourselves sometimes thinking, what a life we get to live.
Even our children to this day, we still discuss this.
They said for them, there's the best decision we ever made as a family, given up the stuff
that served Jehovah full time.
And I look back, it was that decision, that scripture, at that moment, that defining moment
that started it all.